📖clarification of changed requirement in changelog v1alpha2 to v1alpa3 (#1787)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/providers/v1alpha2-to-v1alpha3.md

  They can be accessed by default via the `8080` metrics port on the cluster
  api controller manager.

> ## Cluster `Status.Phase` transition to `Provisioned` additionaly needs at least one APIEndpoint to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cluster `Status.Phase` transition to `Provisioned` additionally needs at least one APIEndpoint to be available.
```

> - Cosmetic change to set Cluster `Status.Phase` to `Provisioned`, now it needs additionally at least one APIEndpoint to be available as well. Previously only InfrastructureReady was being checked in order to transition to `Provisioned`, this change now requires at least one APIEndpoint as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Previously, the sole requirement to transition a Cluster's `Status.Phase` to `Provisioned` was a `true` value of `Status.InfrastructureReady`. Now, there are two requirements: a `true` value of `Status.InfrastructureReady` and at least one entry in `Status.APIEndpoints`.
```
